chore: Document release process (#198)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

$ pnpm lint:fix
```

## Releases

To release a new version follow these steps make sure that some prerequisites are met:

- The smoke tests are passing.
- There are changesets under `.changeset`. Without changesets there should be nothing to release.

If this is the case, follow these steps:

1. **Bump the version**: Execute the `bump` workflow from the `main` branch.

>    If you want to release a new major version, you need to enter the full major version as a precaution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want to release a new major version, you need to enter the full major version as a precaution.
   Skip providing a version for minor version releases.
```
[question] How does it work for patch? Should we explicitly give the input?

Author: no, the way to you added it is correct for patch versions as well.

$ pnpm lint:fix
```

## Releases

> To release a new version follow these steps make sure that some prerequisites are met:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To release a new version, ensure that the following prerequisites are met:
```

- The smoke tests are passing.

> - There are changesets under `.changeset`. Without changesets there should be nothing to release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- There are changesets under the `.changeset` directory. Without changesets, there should be nothing to release.
```

Author: I actually noticed that but ignored it anyways 🤫. Thanks for being the style guide police! 🚨

If this is the case, follow these steps:

1. **Bump the version**: Execute the `bump` workflow from the `main` branch.

>    If you want to release a new major version, you need to enter the full major version as a precaution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you want to release a new major version, enter the full major version as a precaution.
```

   Skip providing a version for minor and patch version releases.

>    This bumps the version on main and creates a tag and draft release with release notes on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This bumps the version on the main branch and creates a tag and draft release with release notes on GitHub.
```

> 2. **Publish to npm**: Find the draft release in the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/releases), check the release notes and press **Publish release**. This triggers the `publish` workflow that publishes the new version to [`npmjs.com`](https://www.npmjs.com/settings/sap-ai-sdk/packages).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Publish to npm**: Find the draft release in the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/SAP/ai-sdk-js/releases), check the release notes, and press **Publish release**. This triggers the `publish` workflow that publishes the new version to [`npmjs.com`](https://www.npmjs.com/settings/sap-ai-sdk/packages).
```

> Last, check that everything is published as expected on npm.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, check that everything is published as expected on npm.
```

### How to Roll Back Releases

> Once a release is published on npm you can no longer take it back.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once a release is published on npm, you can no longer take it back.
```

> To fix issues in published packages you need to publish a new version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To fix issues in published packages, you need to publish a new version.
```

If you find an issue with the release or something fails before publishing, you can revert the release.
Make sure to:

- Revert the bump commit.
- Delete the draft release.
- Delete the version tag.

> Then you can fix the error on the state before the release and try again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then you can fix the error and try again from the state before the release.
```
